More explanation about commas in function arguments (#120)
exercism/jq: concepts/functions/about.md

10 | add_mul(5, 4)
# error: add_mul/1 is not defined
```

> The comma in `5, 4` concatenates the numbers 5 and 4 into a stream. 
> But giving a stream as a function argument means we want to execute the function _with each element of the stream as an individual argument_.
> We can think of `jq` "factoring out" the comma and processing that filter like this.
> 
> ```jq
> (10 | add_mul(5)), (10 | add_mul(4))
> ```
> 
> Now we can see how the `add_mul/1 is not defined` error pops up.
> 
> This is an example of the "implicit iteration" inherent in `jq` streams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The comma in `5, 4` concatenates the numbers 5 and 4 into a stream. 
When we call a function with a stream as an argument, `jq` will call that function multiple times, once for each value in the stream. 
This is an example of the "implicit iteration" inherent in `jq` streams.
`10 | add_mul(5, 4)` is equivalent to the following.

```jq
(10 | add_mul(5)), (10 | add_mul(4))
```
Now we can see how the `add_mul/1 is not defined` error pops up.
```
